{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1040\deflangfe1040{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f57\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f58\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f60\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}
{\f61\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f62\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f63\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f64\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}
{\f65\fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1040\langfe1040\cgrid\langnp1040\langfenp1040 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid5386029}{\*\generator Micro
soft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\author MO}{\operator MO}{\creatim\yr2008\mo4\dy28\hr16\min3}{\revtim\yr2008\mo4\dy28\hr16\min3}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords580}{\nofchars3311}{\*\company MoMo Inc.}{\nofcharsws3884}{\vern24689}}
\margl1134\margr1134\margt1417\margb1134 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz283\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot5386029 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1040\langfe1040\cgrid\langnp1040\langfenp1040 {\f2\fs20\lang2057\langfe1040\langnp2057\insrsid5386029\charrsid5386029 CONGRATULATIONS! 
\par You have been elected President of WinCorp. In this important job, you'll select a contract term for decision-making and then make a series of management decisions each quarter:
\par 
\par Payroll       -  $8(000) per employee per quarter
\par Price         -  $9.95 to $29.95
\par Advertising   -  $0 to $200(000)
\par Production    -  Depends on the number of employees and their unit productivity
\par R&D           -  $0 to $200(000)
\par 
\par WinCorp products are high-tech appliances found in class and offices. Although they have a low cost, they take expensive, skilled labor. If you pay less than the $8(000) PER EMPLOYEE per quarter, some employees will leave for other jobs. 
If you pay more, then new employees will join the company and begin producing in the following quarter.
\par 
\par Each employee can initially produce 2(000) Trifles per quarter. However other industry factors such as technology advances, strikes, and damaged goods can affect manufacturing cost and productivity.
\par 
\par When you start a new quarter, a variety of price, cost, advertising, and R&D tables are automatically created. These tables are used with your decisions to produce the company performance results.
\par 
\par For example: there are built-in advertising and pricing demand tables. The lower your price, the more you'll sell. But be careful not to sell be low cost or you'll lose money. And if you price above $29.95, you won't sell a single Trifles. 
Similarly, your advertising expenditures affect the percentage of your inventory that is sold each quarter.
\par 
\par You can buy a special Executive Market Report to display the index tables for the current quarter. It costs $50(000) and the price rises by 25% each quarter.
\par 
\par Research and Development expense affects the unit cost impact curve. If you spend more, your cost will go down. Spend less and the cost rises. Your direct the unit cost (up or down) by up to 30% per quarter.
\par 
\par There is also an inflation factor that affects the payroll expense between of 1% to 3% per quarter. If you don't keep pace with inflation in your payroll then more employees will leave the company.
\par 
\par Here's an example of how the demand curves work using the Price Index:
\par 
\par Price  Index    R&D Index    Price/Ad Mix
\par  9.95   100%      74  30%         60%  40%
\par 15.45    85%     118  15%
\par 18.20    70%     132   0%
\par 20.95    67%     145 -15%
\par 23.20    50%     162 -30%
\par 25.45    40%
\par 29.95     0%
\par 
\par With this index, if you set the price at $18.20 to $20.94, you'll sell 70% of the inventory that is affected by price. In addition, the Price/Ad Index shows the relative influence of price and advertising for the quarter. 
In the quarter shown, pricing affects 60% of sales and advertising affects only 40%.
\par 
\par With the R&D Index, if you spend $1 to $117(000) your unit cost will rise 30%. If you spend $145 to 161K, your unit manufacturing cost will be reduced by 15%.
\par 
\par These indexes as well as an advertising index are shown when you purchase the special Market Report. The information can have a dramatic effect on result 
\par 
\par You can also be affected by strikes if you have excessive profits. When you have a strike, it costs 50% of the current quarter profits to settle it, plus double the normal inflation effect in salary increases.
\par 
\par Trifles' market has several advertising and pricing 'holes' where special promotions may sell out inventory at a relatively high price. But you'll have to experiment to find them.
\par 
\par When you have entered your decisions for Payroll, Price, Advertising, Research and Production, your results for the current quarter will be displayed.
\par 
\par Each quarter, your results will also be affected by FLASH news reports that can be windfall or setback with: major orders, fire, advertising awards, etc. 
\par 
\par At the end of your term of office, you'll receive a performance review by the Board of Directors based on your profitably, return on assets, and employee management skills.
\par 
\par }{\f2\fs20\insrsid5386029 Enjoy }{\f2\fs20\insrsid5386029 a}{\f2\fs20\insrsid5386029 nd GOOD LUCK!
\par }}